README.md, before:

# Markdown to HTML/PDF Converter

Convert Markdown files to HTML with different themes and export to PDF.

## Demo

Check out the `demo` folder for example Markdown files and usage examples.

## Installation

This project uses pnpm for faster, disk-space efficient dependency management.

```bash
# Install pnpm if you don't have it
npm install -g pnpm

# Install dependencies
git clone <repo-url>
cd mdm
pnpm install
```

For global installation (optional): `pnpm install -g .`

## Usage

### HTML Conversion

Basic: `node tohtml.mjs document.md`

With theme: `node tohtml.mjs document.md -t dark`

List themes: `node tohtml.mjs --list-themes`

Specify output: `node tohtml.mjs document.md -o output.html`

Don't open in browser: `node tohtml.mjs document.md --no-open`

Help: `node tohtml.mjs --help`

### PDF Conversion

Convert HTML to PDF: `node topdf.mjs document.html`

Convert Markdown to PDF: `node topdf.mjs document.md`

Specify output: `node topdf.mjs document.md -o output.pdf`

Use a specific theme: `node topdf.mjs document.md -t dark`

Help: `node topdf.mjs --help`

## Available Themes

- **light** - Default light theme
- **dark** - Dark theme
- **blog** - Blog layout theme
- **government** - Formal government document theme

## Custom Themes

Add your SCSS file to `lib/themes/` and update `getAvailableThemes()` in `lib/themes/index.mjs`.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

refactor: rename project to markdown-to-html-pdf and update installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Markdown to HTML/PDF Converter

Convert Markdown files to HTML with different themes and export to PDF.

## Demo

Check out the `demo` folder for example Markdown files and usage examples.

## Installation

This project uses pnpm for faster, disk-space efficient dependency management.

```bash
# Install pnpm if you don't have it
npm install -g pnpm

# Install dependencies
git clone git@github.com:Gcob/markdown-to-html-pdf.git
cd markdown-to-html-pdf
pnpm install
```

For global installation (optional): `pnpm install -g .`

## Usage

### HTML Conversion

Basic: `node tohtml.mjs document.md`

With theme: `node tohtml.mjs document.md -t dark`

List themes: `node tohtml.mjs --list-themes`

Specify output: `node tohtml.mjs document.md -o output.html`

Don't open in browser: `node tohtml.mjs document.md --no-open`

Help: `node tohtml.mjs --help`

### PDF Conversion

Convert HTML to PDF: `node topdf.mjs document.html`

Convert Markdown to PDF: `node topdf.mjs document.md`

Specify output: `node topdf.mjs document.md -o output.pdf`

Use a specific theme: `node topdf.mjs document.md -t dark`

Help: `node topdf.mjs --help`

## Available Themes

- **light** - Default light theme
- **dark** - Dark theme
- **blog** - Blog layout theme
- **government** - Formal government document theme

## Custom Themes

Add your SCSS file to `lib/themes/` and update `getAvailableThemes()` in `lib/themes/index.mjs`.

## License

MIT - See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## Disclaimer

This project was created 100% by Claude, an AI assistant by Anthropic.
